[DOCS] Install prototype (#3855)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-server/deployment-options/docker/index.md

         - [Run Docker with host directory](../docker/run_with_host_dir.md)
         - [Run Docker with volume](../docker/run_with_vol.md)

## Configuration options

### Storage configuration

> You can choose PMM Server offers two storage options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose either of two storage options offered by PMM Server:
```

| Option | Suitable for | Command |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| [Docker volumes](../docker/run_with_vol.md) (Recommended) | Production environments | `--volume pmm-data:/srv` |
| [Docker volumes](../docker/run_with_vol.md) | Development/testing | `--volume /path/on/host:/srv` |

### Environment variables

Configure PMM Server's behavior using environment variables:

```sh
docker run -e PMM_DATA_RETENTION=720h -e PMM_DEBUG=true percona/pmm-server:3
```

Common variables:

| Variable | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `PMM_DATA_RETENTION` | `30d` | Duration to retain metrics data |
| `PMM_METRICS_RESOLUTION` | `1s` | Base metrics collection interval |
| `PMM_ENABLE_UPDATES` | `true` | Allow version checks and UI updates |
| `PMM_ENABLE_TELEMETRY` | `true` | Send usage statistics |

> For a complete list, see the [ full environment variables list](../docker/env_var.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list, see the [environment variables](../docker/env_var.md).
```

Reviewer: To avoid repetitive list/list
